Dobby yeah it's going to be a special
day in it I'm just pipping the united by
two points it's gonna make it even you
know even more special they are gonna be
up for it we're gonna be afraid just
exciting you know I think every year me
and you know get tonight it's getting
more and more important you know I don't
I don't say this game I'm going to
decide the league but I'll give every
one you no idea where where where we're
going to be or there abouts but you know
it's not let me excited up one game will
go in that game and might we do every
other game give hundred percent you know
you know it's been a been a long time
since we won at United I remember one
the last time when there's I wasn't I
remember me dunny at the back made him
right back and was tuned elope and then
this quarter last were last 57 minutes
making 21 was defending for our lives in
that game so know if we can do it with
that team I don't see what I can you
know did with this team look now but you
know we know United a tough place to go
the book some outstanding players and
then you know the team you know how to
win so you know go there with confidence
but you know it's just exciting exciting
time you know it's like a little kid at
Christmas in it when you're going to get
the presents that times 100 when you're
out they just I don't know everyone
seems to give 110 hundred twenty percent
I don't know why he just obviously the
dabbing you wanted when you want to
prove prove to Manchester that you know
you were up there one of the best teams
in in your that's what we want to try
doing you know to beat united especially
I've been playing since under four teams
every year playing against them and
every day it's just getting harder and
harder and more competitive and you know
this level you know it's one of the
highest levels you know it's one of the
biggest stars in the world now you would
say so you know to win that or to get
something there United bien
massive we had a bit a bummer before the
the Charity Shield asked me to Ashley on
work well work a lot Tom Cleverley now
and then we always say yeah we're going
to be you're going to be even you know
we went to Nalepa for before we you know
the game seals and it just shows you the
quality of their bare squadron you can
that you never think you win against
United because you know I'm last what
three years how many goals as governor
and the you know the last minute but we
always at banner I mean no we know what
they're about now i'm gonna give one
hundred percent right until I'm 90 odd
odd minute so we just got to make sure i
prepared for that and you know player
for player you know I believe our team
is as good as their so it's just about
on the day if we can do it